h1. Ce2

This application was generated with the "rails_apps_composer":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer gem provided by the "RailsApps Project":http://railsapps.github.com/.

h2. Diagnostics

Recipes:
["controllers", "core", "email", "extras", "frontend", "gems", "git", "init", "models", "prelaunch", "railsapps", "readme", "routes", "saas", "setup", "testing", "views"]

Preferences:
{:git=>true, :railsapps=>"rails3-bootstrap-devise-cancan", :database=>"sqlite", :unit_test=>"rspec", :integration=>"cucumber", :fixtures=>"factory_girl", :frontend=>"bootstrap", :bootstrap=>"sass", :email=>"gmail", :authentication=>"devise", :devise_modules=>"default", :authorization=>"cancan", :starter_app=>"admin_app", :form_builder=>"simple_form", :quiet_assets=>true, :local_env_file=>true, :better_errors=>true, :dev_webserver=>"thin", :prod_webserver=>"unicorn", :templates=>"haml", :continuous_testing=>"none", :rvmrc=>true}

h2. Ruby on Rails

This application requires:

* Ruby version 1.9.3
* Rails version 3.2.13

Learn more about "Installing Rails":http://railsapps.github.com/installing-rails.html.

h2. Database

This application uses Postgresql with ActiveRecord.

h2. Development

* Template Engine: Haml
* Testing Framework: RSpec and Factory Girl and Cucumber
* Front-end Framework: Twitter Bootstrap (Sass)
* Form Builder: SimpleForm
* Authentication: Devise
* Authorization: CanCan

h2. Email

The application is configured to send email using SendGrid account.

h2. Getting Started

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.

h2. Documentation and Support

This is the only documentation.

h4. Issues

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.

h2. Credits

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.

h2. License

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.
